---
author: faulkner
date: '2009-03-30 19:14:36'
layout: post
slug: malaysian-casino-scam
status: publish
title: Malaysian Casino Scam
wordpress_id: '335'
? ''
: - Malaysia
  - Travel
  - Vietnam
---

My first real scam attempt in South East Asia! So exciting. Here is how it
went down:

I was sitting in a park drinking a mango smoothie purchased from a woman
selling them out of the back of a pickup truck. A man comes and sits next to
me and starts making conversation. He soon tells me he is from Malaysia and
asks where I am from in the states. I tell him Wisconsin, and he starts
talking about his niece who is going to Wisconsin to work at a childrens
hosptial there. I ask him if it is the Madison Children's Hosptial, and he
promptly says "Yes! Madison. I couldn't remember the name before." - Later, I
realized that he was just using and repeating what I was saying in order to
establish a connection.

His back story was that he is in town visitng his brother and mother. He wants
me to meet his niece, just to tell her about Madison and exchange information.
The niece is out shopping with her cousins, but he wants to take me to his
brother's place where I can wait for 30 minutes untill they get back.
Everything so far seems pretty kosher. The man is nice enough and seems
legitmate...

So, we hop in a taxi and take a 10 minute ride to his brother's house. I walk
in, they offer me drinks, and we all start chatting. Nothing too serious at
first, talking about Obama, F1, and traveling. He asks what I do for a living,
chat about that for a bit, and then I ask what he does...and here is where the
scamming starts.

He tells me that he is a casino manager. He asks me if I enjoy gambling, what
games I play, have I been to Las Vegas, etc. Then he tells me that he is being
reassigned and moving back to Malaysia next month. Next thing I know, he is
trying to convince me to come and stay at his Casino in Malaysia. He says he
can get me free rooms, free drinks, $100 a day in free slots, etc. At this
point I was getting pretty skeptical. I told him that I was planning on going
to Malaysia and I didn't really know when, but I could email him when I got
there. He then started talking about which games to play, which ones were the
best for the casino, which were the best for the player.

Then he dropped the real bomb. He casually mentioned how Casinos, while so
closely watched in Vegas, were not well regulated in Malaysia. He then says he
could probably use his "influence" to give me an advantage over the house in a
few of the card games. When he said this, I knew for sure it was a scam. I
quickly looked at my watch and asked where his daughter was (it had been over
half an hour). He said she must be running late. I then told him that I really
didn't like casinos and wasn't interested in gambling on my trip. How quickly
the tables turned! He thanked me for coming and apologized for his daughters
abscence. He said he didn't want to keep me any longer and 30 seconds later, I
was out on the front porch with a door in my face!

Other than being stranded in a part of town where no one seemed to speak
english, I came away no worse than before. I finally tracked down a cab and
made it to the train station just in time to catch the next train north.

